You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris?
They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with Cheese?
They got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the fuck a quarter-pounder is.
What do they call it?
They call it a Royale with Cheese.
Royale with Cheese.
That's right.
What do they call a Big Mac?
Big Mac's a Big Mac.
but they call it Le Big Mac.
Le Big Mac.
[laughing]
Sshhh!
Give me your hand.
♪ Romantic music ♪
Now close your eyes.
Go on.
Now step up.
Now hold on to the railing.
Keep your eyes closed.
[JACK] Don't peek.
[ROSE] I'm not.
Step up onto the rail.
Hold on. Hold on.
Keep your eyes closed.
Do you trust me?
I trust you.
♪ Scary music ♪
[screaming]
NO! NO!
Gracious.
Do you think she's handsomely paid?
Basta!
Non voglio più vivere!
Ammazzami!
Buttami giù!
I want to hear the music.
It's...
disgusting.
KHAAAAAAAAAN!
[screaming]
WONKA: My chocolate!
Help!
My chocolate!
My beautiful chocolate!
Help!
Don't just stand there!
Do something!
Help. Police. Murder.
[MRS. JOE] Quick, Charlie, here.
[CHARLIE] Grab this!
[MRS. TEEVEE] What's happening to him?
[MR. SALT] He's drowning.
[MRS. GLOOP] Dive in!
Save him!
Oh, it's too late.
Too late?
He's had it now.
The suction's got him.
[MRS. GLOOP] Augustus. come back!
Where is he?
Watch the pipe.
[VERUCA] How long is he going to stay down daddy?
[MRS. GLOOP] He can't swim!
[WONKA] No better time to learn.
[VIOLET] His coat's going up the pipe!
[MR. BEAUREGARDE] Call a plumber!
[MR. SALT] He's stuck in the pipe, isn't he?
It's his stomach.
Help! Help!
What happens now?
The pressure will get him out.
It's building up behind the blockage.
MR. SALT: How long will it take
to push him through?
The suspense is terrible.
I hope it'll last.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
A fucking yacht?
For millionaires
whose ships have come in,
pricey pleasure boats
are for the most fun afloat.
It's no coincidence that
its 150 feet of green hull
is the color of cash. Anchors aweigh!
[applause]
Why so happy?
Things are changing.
The Allies have taken Italy.
France will be next and soon the war will be over.
(BANG)
Goddamn it! Why does that make you happy?
You hate your country that much?
I love my country. It's the war I hate.
It's pointless and stupid,
and the sooner we have peace, the better.
Oh, the war will end.
We will crush our enemies into dust.
And when they are destroyed.
we shall use their graves as toilets.
Okay. No more politics.
Dinner is neutral ground.
This table is Switzerland.
If you want to win the war tonight,
we have to make a deal.
What kind of deal?
The kind you wouldn't
have the authority to make.
However, I'm sure this mission
of yours has a commanding officer.
A general.
I'm betting for...
OSS would be my guess.
[exclams]
That's a bingo!
Is that the way you say
it? "That's a bingo."
Tony...
...I'm scared.
Live long and prosper.